Oh ladies and gentlemen boys and girls
children of all ages hello there I'm DJ
and this is resident evil operation
Raccoon City playing a game of Heroes
mode right now
it's actually I don't know how this is
gonna turn out it's two versus for right
now so me and this Claire over here are
going against their whole team oh never
mind
someone did just joined some random what
he's not a hero so it's still to vie for
Heroes and yeah so that's that let's see
if we can find some villains to kill
I don't see anyone luckily uh yeah I
don't know the screens all lit up cuz
Claire shot me with the stim pack
ability which just basically makes me
run fast there's a guy oh shit
it makes me run fast and have better
accuracy for like 15 seconds or
something like that
Poots hunter alright I see a red guy on
oh yeah see we did get a job or on her
team but he died already I'm not worried
about him damn I don't I don't really
know this map very well yeah zombie eat
a grenade
apparently I ditched Claire so I'm gonna
go back and look for it there she is
yeah so anyways while we look for some
enemy there's one he seems like an idiot
he's not even
got him all right that guy was a dumbass
so now it's to v3
whoa what the hell is going on here nice
so why my liquor
I think that like oh I'm on fire I'm on
fire
that would be a clinker that on Thursday
where'd he go
there he must be out of plan all right
he's gonna try running and I'm Jill so
I'm gonna have to
incoming
big chopper I'm just throwing your shit
all over the place get out of town
nice of liquor drablow milk over here oh
and hunks on you I just thought larger
name this is ridiculous
somebody killed one of their heroes
thank freakin God and then the last ones
running up here nice God so this is
annoying
somebody's down here it's ADA
how you doing data I got a new gun
somehow I picked up the new gun in my
travel
got it peace ADA all right well that
started out as a two before ended up we
did get a jobber but they still had us
outnumbered we still won and I didn't
kill them all that I killed a decent
amount
now who is Jill Valentine Taryn shut up
thanks a ton for watching
resident evil operation Raccoon City if
you want to see more Resident Evil
operation Raccoon City subscribe and
other than that oh we did have to
jobbers but anyways whatever thank you
thank you bye